README.md, before:

# leolino-kids-prio

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)
[![Build status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio/main.yml?branch=main)](https://github.com/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio/actions/workflows/main.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)
[![Commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)](https://img.shields.io/github/license/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)

Dieses Projekt dient zum Verwalten der Priorisierung der Leolino Kinder im Falle von Personalmangel

- **Github repository**: <https://github.com/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio/>
- **Documentation** <https://TaZi-loh.github.io/leolino-kids-prio/>

## Getting started with your project

### 1. Create a New Repository

First, create a repository on GitHub with the same name as this project, and then run the following commands:

```bash
git init -b main
git add .
git commit -m "init commit"
git remote add origin git@github.com:TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio.git
git push -u origin main
```

### 2. Set Up Your Development Environment

Then, install the environment and the pre-commit hooks with

```bash
make install
```

This will also generate your `uv.lock` file

### 3. Run the pre-commit hooks

Initially, the CI/CD pipeline might be failing due to formatting issues. To resolve those run:

```bash
uv run pre-commit run -a
```

### 4. Commit the changes

Lastly, commit the changes made by the two steps above to your repository.

```bash
git add .
git commit -m 'Fix formatting issues'
git push origin main
```

You are now ready to start development on your project!
The CI/CD pipeline will be triggered when you open a pull request, merge to main, or when you create a new release.

To finalize the set-up for publishing to PyPI, see [here](https://fpgmaas.github.io/cookiecutter-uv/features/publishing/#set-up-for-pypi).
For activating the automatic documentation with MkDocs, see [here](https://fpgmaas.github.io/cookiecutter-uv/features/mkdocs/#enabling-the-documentation-on-github).
To enable the code coverage reports, see [here](https://fpgmaas.github.io/cookiecutter-uv/features/codecov/).

## Releasing a new version



---

Repository initiated with [fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv](https://github.com/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv).

Commit message:

update the readme.md with state for 16th May

README.md, after:

# leolino-kids-prio
The basic plan for May 16th looks like this (run 
[determine_priorities.py](leolino_kids_prio/scripts/determine_priorities.py) to reproduce):

```
Today, the groups ['C', 'D'] are can come to the daycare. I.e., the kids:
['Aaron', 'Lisa', 'Leia', 'Marissa', 'Tino', 'Viola', 'Holly', 'Adya']
can come.
There are 2 free spots which can be filled with kids from the priority list, which currently looks like:
['Emilia', 'Giulio', 'Leo', 'Leonie', 'Khan', 'Constantin', 'Nela', 'Emma', 'Ava', 'Robert', 'Luca', 'Lian', 'Thomas']
```


[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)
[![Build status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio/main.yml?branch=main)](https://github.com/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio/actions/workflows/main.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)
[![Commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)](https://img.shields.io/github/license/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio)

Dieses Projekt dient zum Verwalten der Priorisierung der Leolino Kinder im Falle von Personalmangel

- **Github repository**: <https://github.com/TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio/>
- **Documentation** <https://TaZi-loh.github.io/leolino-kids-prio/>

## Getting started with your project

### 1. Create a New Repository

First, create a repository on GitHub with the same name as this project, and then run the following commands:

```bash
git init -b main
git add .
git commit -m "init commit"
git remote add origin git@github.com:TaZi-loh/leolino-kids-prio.git
git push -u origin main
```

### 2. Set Up Your Development Environment

Then, install the environment and the pre-commit hooks with

```bash
make install
```

This will also generate your `uv.lock` file

### 3. Run the pre-commit hooks

Initially, the CI/CD pipeline might be failing due to formatting issues. To resolve those run:

```bash
uv run pre-commit run -a
```

### 4. Commit the changes

Lastly, commit the changes made by the two steps above to your repository.

```bash
git add .
git commit -m 'Fix formatting issues'
git push origin main
```

You are now ready to start development on your project!
The CI/CD pipeline will be triggered when you open a pull request, merge to main, or when you create a new release.

To finalize the set-up for publishing to PyPI, see [here](https://fpgmaas.github.io/cookiecutter-uv/features/publishing/#set-up-for-pypi).
For activating the automatic documentation with MkDocs, see [here](https://fpgmaas.github.io/cookiecutter-uv/features/mkdocs/#enabling-the-documentation-on-github).
To enable the code coverage reports, see [here](https://fpgmaas.github.io/cookiecutter-uv/features/codecov/).

## Releasing a new version



---

Repository initiated with [fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv](https://github.com/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv).
